My favourite project is probably the simple chat bot I wrote back in my first year in college. It's not even web. They taught Java back then, but I insisted that it has to be written in C++, with wxWidgets as its UI library, so it can look somewhat uniform on both Linux and Windows. I should've just used Java; the Windows port didn't even compile. I ended up writing a Python version of it some time later.

Its inner workings is simple: take user argument, rank the rows in the conversation dataset by the similarity of their argument key to the given argument, then after a few processing return the reply key of the most similar row. Instead of using one of the many string similarity libraries, they were calculated by considering the presence as well as the position of each word of one string in the other, i.e. whether they share the same neighboring words. Simple as it may be, I had a lot of fun making it, and am planning to do it all over again on web techs as soon as I get the chance.

As for web project, it's probably that to-do list app I wrote while learning Laravel. What is there to say about a simple multi-user to-do list app? Except perhaps that it supports categorising the task into multiple categories, thanks to which I got to explore the many wonders of Eloquent ORM. But most importantly, it allowed me to explore how things are done across the many technologies and, as time goes by, it allowed me to pile up many vague and contradictive personal preferences as to how things should be done. But I enjoy dicussing as well as perfecting them.
